Update #1 - My History:

some context...

so, since 2013 I've been trying to get into the developer world with the core motive of data analytics and app development.
unfortunately though, i wasn't really able to memorize lines of code or think critically about what i was writing, hence
why development over the years since became a lot more difficult since you need a bit of a knack towards how you
fluently develop proper software for any means. 

i tried learning microsoft's c++ back in 2013, and kept re-visiting the language until 2019 where i wanted to develop an 
actual game. i even rented out a book at my old university, and well, i winded up paying late fees for the book rather than 
making the game. speaking of games though, i did make some stuff in unity, some friend of mine took credit for it and i literally 
had to ask him to put my name in. so, long story short, i don't enjoy game development, nor do i really like app development as
a whole.

but what i will say is, around 2023, i began to develop an obsession over jailbreaking and tampering with smartphones. my first
challenge was the samsung galaxy j4, and it failed miserably, after a year of trying. why? well, the telegram community from
indonesia was there to actually help me jailbreak it, but thanks to samsung's tight security, i wasn't able to do it and so
i gave the phone away. worser yet, i even burned some cash over the xiaomi redmi 7, as XDA forums told me it was a good
phone to jailbreak. it didn't work out either, the phone was faulty, so yeah, never buy anything from aliexpress that's a phone.

here i am today, and now i've jailbroken my google pixel 6a, and i plan to develop it as a prototype for what will eventually
become dicentraOS. i know some basic command prompt code, but apart from that, i'm usually going to use some AI to help me
to develop the core prototype. that's not until i get money from somewhere, and actually hire a team to develop the software
under my direction. so yeah, that's the dream, but i hope you got something from my story enough to follow me through.

be sure to follow my gitub for more updates, or if you genuinely want to help out or ask me questions, just shoot me an
email seen under my bio.

okay, cya :)

Update #2 - Brainstorming:

Okay, so, I thought about it strongly and realized that building a custom operating system for a jailbroken phone requires a lot of resources,
and it doesn't exactly pertain to what I want. Instead, I'm going to scrap all the ideas I never really had for dicentraOS, and wind up instead
turning it into a graphics simulation project. I want to make videos for my blockchain YouTube channel, without the cost of having to spend
copious amounts of money and effort to make the content myself. It will be inspired by a video game of some sort, as I want to generate
visuals that makes sense to the person watching.

How am I going to do this? No idea, but from the way I see it, I'll be using some kind of AI tool that I'll either develop by myself to make
use of the phone's graphics processors, or I will contribute to a separate project for some experience. Most of the videos will be YouTube
Shorts anyway, so I think I can figure this thing out.

Update #3 - Bloatware Problem:

Okay, so, I came to a realization recently. My Pixel 6A actually has a frustrating amount of bloatware, and I really need to do my best to get
rid of it so that the APK I'm working on will actually take advantage of the phone's resources to produce graphical themes I want. See, the thing
is, most AI tools today actually are able to produce high quality graphics, but they're not able to always perfectly replicate other popular
media forms, like cartoons with Family Guy, or Beevis and Butthead. Both hilarious shows but, AI can't necessarily replicate that, and I want 
my software to precisely replicate my most inspired video games with artforms. So yeah, I have to chip away at this, but first step is to remove
bloatware.

Update #4 - System Maintenance

Alright, so regarding the APK file. I need to specifically program it so that the APK will communicate with the GPU that the word prompts written
by the user will particularly generate graphics. Usually, if I was lazy and simple, I'd just program an AI-tool and slap it on the device, but I
don't want that. Why? Because I want a specific technology that can replicate graphics duplicated from previous history. For example, if I want
to type a prompt into my phone that says, 'Hey, make me a short film using Minecraft' graphics, it needs to be able to do that. And I mean a 'short'
film, so far, I don't know if any AI tool even does that. So we'll see, but yeah, this is one of those 'big brain' projects, but I highly doubt
it'll be so stressful. As for the programming language, I'm likely going to use Python3, and maybe I'll start off by making one prompt, and one
tiny little engine where I can write basic commands like 'Hi, make me a spinning cube', and go from there. It would be so nice if the cube can
dance to a song, I don't know how the hell I'll do that but, we'll get there. 
